impl log partition by trace id (#43029)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/kafkaexporter/README.md

- `partition_traces_by_id` (default = false): configures the exporter to include the trace ID as the message key in trace messages sent to kafka. *Please note:* this setting does not have any effect on Jaeger encoding exporters since Jaeger exporters include trace ID as the message key by default.
- `partition_metrics_by_resource_attributes` (default = false)  configures the exporter to include the hash of sorted resource attributes as the message partitioning key in metric messages sent to kafka.
- `partition_logs_by_resource_attributes` (default = false)  configures the exporter to include the hash of sorted resource attributes as the message partitioning key in log messages sent to kafka.

> - `partition_logs_by_trace_id` (default = false): configures the exporter to partition log messages by TraceID only. When enabled, logs are split per TraceID and the Kafka message key is set to the 16-byte hex TraceID. If a log record has an empty TraceID, the key may be empty and partition selection falls back to the Kafka client’s default strategy. Note: if both `partition_logs_by_resource_attributes` and `partition_logs_by_trace_id` are set to true, resource-attribute partitioning takes precedence.

Reviewer: Is it important to state that the message key format is the hex-formatted trace ID? We don't document that for `partition_traces_by_id`. I'd rather keep that level of detail out unless it's important.

> Note: if both `partition_logs_by_resource_attributes` and `partition_logs_by_trace_id` are set to true, resource-attribute partitioning takes precedence.

This behaviour feels a bit surprising. I would expect those two configurations to compose so that if you set both then logs will be partitioned by both. This is important when defining how the message key is formatted: if we state that the message key is exactly the trace ID when configuring `partition_logs_by_trace_id`, then that precludes composing these two partitioning configurations.

Maybe we could start by making those two configuration settings mutually exclusive?

```suggestion
- `partition_logs_by_trace_id` (default = false): configures the exporter to partition log messages by trace ID, if the log record has one associated. Note: `partition_logs_by_resource_attributes` and `partition_logs_by_trace_id` are mutually exclusive, and enabling both will lead to an error.
```
